docs: fix incorrect information about webp support in the source prop of React Native's Image component (#4240)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/image.md

This prop can also contain several remote URLs, specified together with their width and height and potentially with scale/other URI arguments. The native side will then choose the best `uri` to display based on the measured size of the image container. A `cache` property can be added to control how networked request interacts with the local cache. (For more information see [Cache Control for Images](images#cache-control-ios-only)).

> The currently supported formats are `png`, `jpg`, `jpeg`, `bmp`, `gif`,`webp` (Android only), `psd` (iOS only). In addition, iOS supports several RAW image formats.`webp` format is supported on iOS only when bundled with the JavaScript code. Refer to Apple's documentation for the current list of supported camera models (for iOS 12, see https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT208967).

Reviewer: > `webp` format is supported on iOS only when bundled with the JavaScript code

Where is this coming from? Do you have a code reference from React Native or a GitHub issue for reference?

Author: @cortinico 
Github Issue is opened.
https://github.com/facebook/react-native-website/issues/4165

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently supported formats are `png`, `jpg`, `jpeg`, `bmp`, `gif`,`webp`, `psd` (iOS only). In addition, iOS supports several RAW image formats. Refer to Apple's documentation for the current list of supported camera models (for iOS 12, see https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT208967).
```

Reviewer: And let's add a separate paragraph about webp below please

Author: Sure @cortinico

Author: @cortinico added as a paragraph. Please take a look. Thanks

This prop can also contain several remote URLs, specified together with their width and height and potentially with scale/other URI arguments. The native side will then choose the best `uri` to display based on the measured size of the image container. A `cache` property can be added to control how networked request interacts with the local cache. (For more information see [Cache Control for Images](images#cache-control-ios-only)).

> The currently supported formats are `png`, `jpg`, `jpeg`, `bmp`, `gif`,`webp`, `psd` (iOS only).Refer to Apple's documentation for the current list of supported camera models (for iOS 12, see https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT208967).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently supported formats are `png`, `jpg`, `jpeg`, `bmp`, `gif`, `webp`, `psd` (iOS only). In addition, iOS supports several RAW image formats. Refer to Apple's documentation for the current list of supported camera models (for iOS 12, see https://support.apple.com/en-ca/HT208967).
```

> In addition, iOS supports several RAW image formats. `webp` format is supported on iOS only when bundled with the JavaScript code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the `webp` format is supported on iOS **only** when bundled with the JavaScript code.
```
